[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai--
Gohan unleashed the
full brunt of his fury,
dealing Cell a devastating
blow that caused the monster
to spit up Android 18
and shed his perfect form.
Now, rather than admit defeat,
Cell has initiated a
final transformation...
[CELL] Boy...
Say hello to your maker!
[CELL chuckles]
♪ opening song ♪
[NARRATOR]
"A Hero's Sacrifice!
Last Chance to Save the World!"
Hahahaha!!
[CELL] In moments I'll
blow myself to bits...!
It's a small price to
pay for defeating you...!
And when I go, the
whole planet goes with me!
[GOHAN]
What?!
[VEGETA] Uh...
He's lost his mind!
[CELL]
Hahahaha!
[GOHAN] I won't
let you do it!
[CELL]
Easy, boy...!
Don't move a muscle,
stay right there!
[CELL] If you so much as
lay a finger on me now...
I go "boom", and then
it's "bye-bye Earth!"...
No sense in throwing
away the precious
few seconds you have
left, don't you agree?
[CELL]
Hahahahaha!
[CELL] Another
minute and boom...!
Not even I can
stop it anymore!
[KRILLIN] Ehh...
We're mince meat.
[TIEN] What
do we do...?
We can't just stand here!
[PICCOLO] Urg!
It's hopeless...
There's nothing we can do.
[CELL] Hahahaha!
Forty seconds!
[GOHAN]
Gohan...!
You've backed
Cell into a corner!
He can't win...!
And he knows it!
[GOHAN] There's no
telling what he'll do
now that he's desperate...!
End this while
you have the chance!
[GOHAN] I'm... sorry...
You were right...
I should've
listened to you...
[GOHAN]
Why??
Why did I keep on?!
[GOHAN]
It's all my fault...
I could've ended
this, and I didn't!
[TRUNKS] Just
thirty seconds left!
[PICCOLO] No...
It's already started...
We're history...
[CELL]
Hahahaha!
[KRILLIN]
I know that look...
[GOKU] Sorry...
I've thought this over,
guys--and any
way you slice it
there's only one
surefire way to save Earth.
[PICCOLO] And that
would be... what?
[TRUNKS]
Goku...
[GOKU]
Goodbye... my friends.
[KRILLIN] Goodbye...?
You're not thinking of...?
[CELL]
Hahahaha!
Ten seconds...!
This fight has officially
reached it's end.
[GOHAN]
I'm sorry...
[CELL] Aaaaah
hahahaha!
[KRILLIN]
No!!!
[GOKU] I'm really
proud of you... Son.
[GOHAN] Dad...
what're you--?
[GOKU]
You listen to your mom
and keep hitting
those books, okay...?
Tell her I'm sorry
but I'm not going to
make it home this time.
[GOKU]
Goodbye... Gohan.
[GOHAN]
Don't leave us!!!
[KRILLIN]
Goku!!!
[KING KAI] Wha...
What is wrong with you?!
You can't bring that guy here!
[GOKU] Sorry, King Kai...
I had no choice...
I'm kind of
short on options.
[KING KAI] And my
house was one of them?!
[CELL]
No!!!
[KING KAI]
Aaah!!
[CELL]
Ahh!!
[explosion]
[PICCOLO] His...
energy... It's gone.
[KRILLIN]
Goku!
[GOHAN]
Why?! Dad!!
[ANNOUNCER] Um... Well, uh...
I'm not sure what that was...
But... Cell has
disappeared...
As has the blond fellow.
What became of
them I can't say.
[PIIZA] Uh... That was...
all... you... Wasn't it?
[HERCULE]
Huh? Hmm...
[sobbing]
[KRILLIN]
Good job... Gohan...
It's all over with:
you two saved the world.
[GOHAN] Don't
say that to me...
I should have finished the
fight when I had the chance...
I let my power take
control of me...
I did this...
It's all my fault.
[KRILLIN] Look... You can't
be so hard on yourself...
Whether it controlled you
or the other way around,
your power saved
us... That's a fact.
[KRILLIN] Don't tell
me you didn't see
the look on your dad's
face before he left?
C'mon. If that wasn't
the smile of a proud papa,
I don't know what is.
[KRILLIN] Now...
Chin up... Right?
Let's go.
[KRILLIN]
Eighteen...!
[GOAHN]
Bye, Dad...
[GOKU]
Sorry, Bubbles.
And sorry to
you too Gregory...
I didn't mean to drag you
guys into this mess as well.
[KING KAI] Goku...
What you did...
it was just
absolutely ludicrous...
I mean I'm King Kai...
I have a whole galaxy
to watch over...!
It's kind of a
big deal, you know?!
[KING KAI]
I'm livid... Furious...!
You took advantage of me for
the sake of a single planet...!
Exploited me like a
neighbor's lawn mower!
[GOKU]
Oh, come on.
I told you I was
sorry, didn't I...?
What else do you
want me to do...?
Hey, in my position I bet
you would've done
the exact same thing.
[KING KAI] Oh yeah...?!
Glad you know me so well...!
Now do us all a favor...
and shut your trap!
[GOKU]
Take it easy.
[GOKU] Kind of strange,
don't you think...?
I'm not seeing Cell
anywhere... Huh...
Guess he just got sent
straight down below, huh?
[KING KAI] Wait, wait, wait,
wait... no, no, no, no!
[KING KAI] He's isn't
here...! He's gone...!
It all makes sense...
Because... no matter
who you are...
we all go to Yama's
place first...
[GOKU] What is that
supposed to mean?
[KING KAI] Well...
It can only mean one thing.
He's back!
[GOKU] He's what?!
[VEGETA] Hold it...
I hope for your sake
you're not planning
to restore that thing.
If it's still active...
destroy it.
[KRILLIN] But...
I mean... Come on.
She's really
not all that bad
once you've gotten to
know her a little bit.
[VEGETA] Hmph!
You're a fool! Tsk!
[PICCOLO]
What the...?!
[VEGETA] No...
It... can't be...!
[TRUNKS]
That power...!
[PICCOLO]
But... But how?!
[crashes]
[TRUNKS]
Aaahh!!
[VEGETA]
Huh?
[CELL] Now whose scream
was that? Ah yes: Trunks.
[YAMCHA] How can
this be happening?
[GOKU] No! How can
he still be okay?!
You've got to be wrong!
I watched him completely
vanish with my own eyes!
[KING KAI] I don't yet
know how it's possible...
But I'm afraid there's not
much room for doubt here.
[GOKU]
That's not fair...!
So what you're basically
telling me is that
I did all that
for nothing?!
[KING KAI]
I wish it weren't so.
[CELL]
Heh heh heh heh...
Surprised to see me?
Allow me...
to explain.
[CELL] This is all
what you might refer
to as a happy accident.
[CELL] Deep
inside my skull...
There's a small
lump of matter...
I suppose you might call
it a kind of nucleus...
Left untouched,
it's extremely useful...
As long as it's intact
I can renew indefinitely.
[CELL] Now
fortunately for me,
that nasty little explosion
didn't damage it one bit.
[CELL]
And here's the part
that's really
going to get you...
I wasn't even
planning on this...
It was pure luck,
nothing more.
[CELL] Luckier still
was the fact that,
even without Eighteen,
I managed to regenerate
into my perfect form...
[CELL] Or should I say,
a more perfect form.
Like Gohan, my power
increased exponentially...
It seems this body has taken
a cue from Saiyan biology
and extrapolated from
near-crushing defeat
giving me infinite
stores of strength.
[CELL]
As an added bonus,
I even managed
to pick up
Goku's Instant
Transmission technique.
[CELL] Now... I was
able to return to you
in the best shape
of my life so far.
[CELL] Triumph may have
been what Goku intended,
but who knew he meant for
me to have it all to myself?
[GOHAN]
Hyaaargh!
[CELL] Something
amuse you?
[GOHAN] I'm glad
you're back.
[CELL]
That so...
[GOHAN]
Oh yeah...
It was because of
my mistake that Dad
had to sacrifice himself.
It's my fualt you to
put us in that position...
[GOHAN] I'd have given
anything for a chance
to do it over again...
Now I get one.
[CELL]
Hmph!
[CELL] Then let's see
if you've got the power
to back up your words...
Luck won't be on
your side this time.
[moaning in the background]
[VEGETA]
N-No...
Kakarot's son will
not be the one
to reap vengeance
on this monster...!
I will put an end
to him, no one else!
[VEGETA]
Hyaaaaargh!!
[KRILLIN]
Whoa... Vegeta...!
[panting]
[CELL]
Stay down, dog!
[GOHAN]
Ahh!
[CELL]
Well, well...
I'm receiving all
kinds of gifts today!
[PICCOLO]
No, Gohan!
[KRILLIN] Vegeta, what
were you thinking...?!
It's not like we can't
just wish Trunks back
to life with
the Dragon Balls!
[CELL] Heh...
I see that fighting spirit
hasn't diminished at all.
[CELL] But... I am
done playing games...
It's time that I ended this.
[GOHAN] Cell's power shot
up more than I thought...
[PICCOLO]
Throw him a bean...!
Certainly we
still have one!
[KRILLIN] We've used
up the whole bag...
[YAMCHA] It's really is
gonna be the end this time...
Gohan's in no shape
to fight Cell now!
[gasps]
[CELL] Farewell...
I will suffer you no more.
[CELL] Or this
pathetic little planet!
[ALL]
Huh?!
[NARRATOR] The newly
reborn Cell stands poised
to carry out his ambition
of wiping out the Earth...!
What hope does a
badly injured Gohan
have against this
relentless evil?
Find out, next
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ ending song ♪
[GOKU] Hey!
It's me, Goku!
Give me a break, Cell!
This isn't fair!
[PICCOLO]
Follow my lead!
It's time to
step in and fight!
[KRILLIN] We've
left things to Gohan
and Goku way too long!
[YAMACHA]
No kidding!
[PICCOLO]
Let's go!
[KRILLIN]
Everybody in?!
[ALL]
Yeah!
[GOKU] Now
you're talking...!
Next time, on
Dragon Ball Z Kai:
Combine Your Strength!
The Final Kamehame--!
[ALL]
--Ha!!